README for models Folder (nala)
28 April 2020

This repository contain files related to generating 
randomization (and layout) of different experimental 
designs and perform stat analysis modules.

vulat (v.ulat@cgiar.org, vjmulat@gmail.com)
agulles (a.gulles@irri.org)
pmedeiros (p.medeiros@cgiar.org)                    
fhtoledo (f.toledo@cgiar.org)

24 January 2020 - updated information
08 June 2020 - migrated repo (nala) to ebs-af

This folder contain files related to generating 
randomization (and layout) of different experimental 
designs and perform stat analysis modules.

File extensions
.mdl  - ASReml based stat analysis model
.tmpl - model template (describes how model (.mdl, .R is 
        run, json)
.defn - definition file.
.arr  - Input array from DPO (fetched from B4R, text, tsv)
.csv  - Input array for each job (DPO to AEO, csv)
.as   - ASReml script (generated by DPO from model)
.R    - R script (both r and asremlr scripts; randomization
        and analysis)
.rout - Output from r-based models (both r and asremlr)
.afo  - Consolidated result (after parsing by FPO)
.tmp  - Temporary file
.sh   - Job control file (bash)
.cat  - catalog/list of all models/designs (json)
.dict - dictionary, term file (json)
.sql  - sql file
.scma - json schema file
.conf - configuration file


Folders:
analysis - stores stat analysis modules. Contents will 
  copied to the models/statAnalyses folder of AF (pysimba). 
  It contains the following sub folders for each engine: 
  asreml, asremlr and r. Each model includes a definition 
  (*.dfn, in the same folder) and a job control template 
  file (*.tmpl in corresponding directory in the 
  templates/analysis folder).

contrib - stores any piece of code or documentation that we
  did not author but we are using for development and imple-
  mentation.

data - contains sample data needed for development. "Gold"
  standard. 

design - stores models/scripts used for experimental design.
  Follows the same file convention as stat analysis modules.

docs - contains documentation for the model. Includes term 
  and variable dictionaries.

packages - contains packages (R) required for a model.

test - contains test files (input and output) for each 
  design/analysis model.
